Stop
Wushuang, you dare to touch my Zhao family, don't you want to live?
The kung fu of this three-legged cat is also paired, and I have a promising future.
This is the invincible Supreme you have fought against
Just a clown in front of me
Zhao Zi, what else do you have for him to fight?
That's impossible.
What about your legs?
How can it be more powerful than our Zhao family?
Supreme in mortal body
Conquer the government and rape the enemy
What is a mere Zhao Zu?
No I am invincible supreme
Dare to be invincible in the world
How could this be?
You are really family
The means of sneak attacks are exactly the same
My sister dragged them all down and beheaded me